Lua API docs updates (#50)
PlaydateSquad/pd-achievements: docs/toasts.md

| --------------------- | ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `assetPath`           | `string`                  | The path to the image/sound/font [assets](../achievements/assets) required by the module. Be sure to include the trailing slash.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `assetPath`           | `string`                  | The path to the image/sound/font [assets](../achievements/assets) required by the module. Defaults to `"achievements/assets"`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
The library adds a slash when it concatenates the sub-paths, so a trailing slash isn't necessary. Also, including the default keeps things consistent.

| `animateUnlocking`    | `bool`                    | When `true` the checkbox icon shown for granted achievements will animate to its unlocked state. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | `renderMode`          | `auto/sprite/manual`      | An advanced setting used to define how toasts get rendered. Must be one of: <br><br> **`auto`**: Overrides `platydate.update` while a toast is displayed in order to render the toast automatically after the game’s update method has finished. <br><br> **`sprite`**: Draws the toast into a `playdate.graphics.sprite` with a very high priority. <br><br> **`manual`**: You are responsible for calling `achievements.toasts.manualUpdate()` at the end of your `playdate.update` function, after everything else has rendered. <br><br> Defaults to `auto`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `renderMode`          | `auto/sprite/manual`      | An advanced setting used to define how toasts get rendered. Must be one of: <br><br> **`auto`**: Overrides `playdate.update` while a toast is displayed in order to render the toast automatically after the game’s update method has finished. <br><br> **`sprite`**: Draws the toast into a `playdate.graphics.sprite` with a very high priority. <br><br> **`manual`**: You are responsible for calling `achievements.toasts.manualUpdate()` at the end of your `playdate.update` function, after everything else has rendered. <br><br> Defaults to `auto`. |
```
